[DOCS] Some addition clarification on 'queue_all_runs' (#265)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/d/workspace.html.markdown

* `auto_apply` - Indicates whether to automatically apply changes when a Terraform plan is successful.
* `file_triggers_enabled` - Indicates whether runs are triggered based on the changed files in a VCS push (if `true`) or always triggered on every push (if `false`).
* `operations` - Indicates whether the workspace is using remote execution mode. Set to `false` to switch execution mode to local. `true` by default.

> * `queue_all_runs` - Indicates whether all runs should be queued immediately, or an initial run should be manually queued before runs are automatically triggered by webhooks (such as changes in VCS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `queue_all_runs` - Indicates whether the workspace can automatically perform runs
  (in response to webhooks) immediately after its creation. If `false`, an initial run must
  be manually queued to enable future automatic runs.
```
